hey guys such a for mobile geeks we are
looking at the renewal mix - and this is
the 11.6 inch version there's also a
challenge version which comes with a
Intel Atom Batesville but this one is
running on the latest core I've
generation that's a fourth generation
that's the Intel Haswell platform and
once again 11.6 and full HD 1920 by 1080
and this is also a great multi-touch
screen 10-point multi-touch screen it's
running of course full windows 8.1 why
do you want to run Windows RT on a Koi
that makes no sense
anyways I would guess that this has
roughly around like 4 gigabytes of RAM
there should be different version check
it out properties here we go so this
comes with 2 gigabytes of RAM but it
should also be version available was
foggy good bytes of RAM and it has an
hard disk off let me just quickly check
this actually an SSD in here of 64
gigabyte which is quite interesting
because I tell you why this is also an
11.6 inch core I tablet
which is pretty cool tool this running
on the core i5 right now let's take a
quick look around this device which
weighs 600 700 grams there's a power
button here we have a SIM card tray for
the SIM card and a micro SD this is I'm
always messing up with micro and mini
HDMI that's a connector for your headset
and this should be a connector for your
PSU on the other side we only have a
volume rocker here we have the connector
for the keyboard they are also cameras
on here there's a 2 megapixel camera on
the front and a 5 megapixel camera on
the back what I like about this device
is as soon as here attaching it to this
keyboard this turns into an ultrabook
11.6 inch notebook you know you call it
alright I can do
whatever I want to deal with it in terms
of you know what when I want to run my
office suit suite on it and therefore
you can run just all the programs that
he used to plus it has a very very
decent keyword I just love the feedback
got this nice
chicklet one you shift keys on both
sides so this was very very decent I'm
not so sure about this track of this
kind of feels a little bit small and
also it's not a multi-touch one but it
feels very responsive so this would be
the second mode that you can use this
device which is a notebook mode what I
also like is SD attach this turn this
keyboard around and then connected again
and now we have a kind of multimedia
mode and they have a now front-facing
GBL speaker and sub mover so if you
wanna watch the latest Hollywood movies
in Full HD one a half-decent sound I
think this is absolutely fantastic it's
a tablet it's a notebook it's a
multimedia Center it's a novel mix too
which is going to be available in
February 2014 and it's gonna start a 599
u.s. dollars once again in my opinion
Chancellor pricing a little bit of a
game changer so this was a first hand
son of the new Lenovo mix 2 and such a
form of what geeks thanks for watching